driving at night through the city out of focus shot blurred lights. who was driving through the night, shooting blurred lights out of focus?
an aircraft receives fuel from cargo aircraft . why would an aircraft receive fuel from a cargo aircraft?
goat eats hay in a stable. why would a goat eat hay in a stable?
heart shaped hot dogs and some pizzas on a big tray. where's the heart-shaped hot dog and some pizza on a big tray?
charging the batteries of a leaf all electric emissions car. why charge all the leafy electric emission batteries?
laundry hangs out to dry on the balconies of houses. who hangs the laundry from the house balcony to dry?
government agency advised against all but essential travel. why would a government agency advise against all but essential travel?
students are learning from their teacher. when did the students learn from their teachers?
a coconut has washed ashore on a remote beach . who washed the coconut ashore at the remote beach?
a giraffe is eating grass and looking at something. where was the giraffe eating grass and looking for something?
the cake was stacked with layers of meringue and jam. where would the cake stack up with layers of meringue and jam?
this church was built from the destroyed temple. how did this church get built in a destroyed temple?
paintings have been exhibited in the museums and galleries all over the world. why are painting pictures exhibited in museums and galleries all over the world?
a guard stands near the entrance. where is the guard standing near the entrance?
a pizza is served with some wine and water. why serve pizza with some wine and some water?
young bride is smiling and putting on an earring. why would a young bride smile and put on an earring?
potatoes baked in the oven. who bakes potatoes in an oven?
film director arrives with his family at the premiere of his movie. when will the film director and his family arrive for the premiere of their movie?
bunch of red ripe grapes amongst green foliage in the sunlight. when was that bunch of ripe red grape amongst the green and sunlighty foliage?
a man shows how to iron a piece of cloth without having any wrinkles left. why would a man show a piece of cloth ironed without any wrinkles left?
armed force provides security during a mission. why would an armed forces provide security during a mission?
a boy looking at stars with a telescope. when did the boy look at the stars through a telescope?
image of american football player addressing reporters at a news conference via satellite . where's the image of the american football player addressing reporters from a news conference on the satellite?
helicopters arrive carrying armed force released by country yesterday. why has the helicopter arrived carrying armed forces that were released yesterday by the country?
breakfast is served on the covered terrace of hotel. who had breakfast on the hotel covered terrace?
politician listens to a question from the audience during a meeting . why would a politician listen to the audience's questions when they have a meeting?
a grill with hamburger and hot dogs cooking. where's the grill with cooked hamburgers and hot dogs?
train traveling through the countryside. why would a train travel through the countryside?
man drinking alcohol in the car . why would a man drink alcohol in a car?
a man has been injured and is lying down on the ground. how was the injured man injured and lying down on the ground?
two dogs in a bike carrier and the bike leaning against a wall. where were the two dogs in the bike carrier and the bike leaning against the wall?
a woman in a purple jacket leads a horse. where was the purple jacket woman leading the horse?
portrait of a black puppy on an autumn day. where is the portrait from the autumn days of the black puppy?
a room has a fireplace and a clock above of it. where does the room have a fireplace and a clock above it?
patients being treated in the municipal hospital due to over crowding floods. how are the patients treated in the city hospital due to the overcrowded flood?
the cats are jumping out of the window. where did the cat jump out of the window?
a large monitor on it's side near a laptop. where is the large monitor on the side near the laptop?
making cookies with cookie dough dipped in chocolate. who makes cookies with cookie dough dipped in chocolate?
celebrity looked effortlessly chic in a white blouse teamed with embellished shorts at the festival . where will the celebrities look effortlessly chic in white blouses with embellished shorts during the festival?
a group of people unload their video equipment from a van located in a scenic location. where did the group of people unload their video equipment from a van at a scenic location?
they boiled the water. how did they boil the water?
they boiled the water. why would they boil the water?
they boiled the water. where did they boil the water?
the plumber is fixing the toilet. where did the plumber fix the toilet?
the plumber is fixing the toilet. how did the plumber fix the toilet?
the plumber is fixing the toilet. why would the plumber fix the toilet?
